My name is Derek Walker, I'm the pastor of the Oxford Bible Church. Today I'm excited to introduce you to my book, Joshua's Jericho.
One of the great miracles of the Bible.
Is how the wars of Jericho came tumbling down.
when all of Israel shouted together in faith.
This book, filled with photographs from Jericho, demonstrates how the archaeology of Jericho perfectly confirms the Bible account.
This was a unique biblical event.
And the amazing thing is that when you study the archaeology,
there are unique archaeological features of Jericho. it's one of the great proofs that the Bible is the word of God.
and I'm very excited to share this with you.
also the destruction of jericho applies to our personal lives. you see joshua was bringing god's people into the promised land and jesus.
Jesus, the greater than Joshua, is leading you into your promised land.
And yet there are strongholds of the enemy, like represented by Jericho, that have to be pulled down before you can possess your promises.
And in the same way, Jesus is going to lead you to the
And this book shows you how you can pull down the strongholds so that you can go in and possess your promised land.
This book also shows how God's destruction of Jericho is a type.
of God's future judgment of this world system.
You know the archaeology of Jericho,
Has unique features.
that exactly match the unique features of the battle of Jericho as described in the Bible.
For instance, Rahab's house, we talk about that, which remains standing, and there's one place where,
Houses remain standing, but everywhere else,
The walls of Jericho definitely fell down.
And that was discovered.
in Middle Bronze Jericho. And the final chapter of the book looks into Bible chronology and it shows that when it's properly understood that indeed
At middle bronze Jericho was exactly the time when Joshua,
Invaded the promised land.
So I encourage you to get this book and it will be a great witnessing tool as well that shows the Bible is true.